Well.
Well,
well go to your mom's house
Christina,
cause it's interesting.
Okay,
thank you.
John Reed.
This instrumental,
it's called BARF.
Stifler is fat
by John Reed.
Thanks.
Thank you John.
It's good to be back on your mom's house.
Check it out.
I have,
what do I have?
An aids.
I had in mind the,
uh,
odd ball tour,
the farm.
So it's very exciting to be a part of odd ball.
It's a major comedy festival.
If you don't know,
we hit a bunch of cities.
Um,
it starts,
oh,
I got fucking kidding me.
How many times this happened to me?
Every time.
Dad.
So starts this week.
West Palm Beach,
August 25th,
Tampa,
August 26 pine,
Atlanta the 27th,
and then the tour goes on,
man.
Go to oddball fest.com we're heading a lot of big cities.
Chicago,
des [inaudible],
t.
Dot.
Homedale,
New Jersey,
oddball fest.com.
A lot of big comics on it.
Brian Regan's doing some days.
Really Glacey asked John Malaney,
Jim Jefferies,
John Oliver,
Dane Cook.
Uh,
there's other guests.
Bobby Lee,
Bridget Everett,
Sarah,
Tiana,
Tiana.
I'm kind of done again.
Pete Davidson,
Tracy Morgan,
Sebastian's Swardson,
Bart,
Chris lawyer who burnt Christ hairs.
Somebody told me that.
So a lot of people are on it.
Oddball fest.com for your tickets or go to Tom.
Cigarette outcome after oddball ends.
Uh,
after oddball ams.
I continue touring.
I'm going to Charlotte,
North Carolina.
Man,
Fran disco a California knew George George Jude,
Jude Oric,
Teddy's uh,
the Ville Louvel filler up Delfia and uh,
my own run in West Palm beach at the Harry Palm Hairy Ball beach at the Improv.
Tom [inaudible] dot com hit the show's Paige jeans.
I know you got some live dates coming up.
I do guys,
come see me.
September 27th,
I'm one night in Seattle at the to come on your comic.
Come and meet,
rattle.
And then September 28th and I'm a Dork.
Lend Horrigan at d herion comedy crib.
October 4th in a Phallus.
Tay Hos,
Hyenas,
comedy club,
October 5th and a post in Texas at the secret group.
And then October 23rd Indian nap bolt hits Indian apple tits,
Indiana at mortise comedy club.
October 24th,
Cincinnati,
Ohio.
Home of the famous Cincinnati far.
I'm so happy to make a pilgrimage back there.
I'm,
I'm lonely.
I'm sad.
It's not going to be on August 20th but better late than never.
It's wide planned it at least to make a pilgrimage once a year I go bananas and
then December 9th and 10th Wash,
Washington DC Dietz deed seats,
Warshington the DC MPR improve tickets@thousandranch.com also mommies listen,
listen,
are you shopping on Mama's on?
I know you are because like us,
you don't go to the store to buy silos of toilet paper,
which is what we have delivered to the house.
Instead of using the Amazon subscribe and save feature,
so please use our banner.
Go to your mom's house,
podcast.com.
Click on the banner at the bottom of the homepage.
Do Your shopping as you normally would.
It just kicks back some change the show.
Thank you.
That also,
if you go to your mom's house,
podcast.com we have been giving away free ringtones.
Oh,
so go to your mom's house podcast and get yourself some free ringtones.
Set it up as your texts
wrangling Ling.
When people call you,
do whatever you want,
put them in your asshole.
They're free.
You can't put the ring tones in your asshole.
Do whatever you want.
You put them in there.
Why can't you do that?
At what would they signify?
What would they alert people to?
Farts.
Look,
I drew a big Afro on you.
Oh,
that's cool.
It kind of looks like a Bob Ross.
Yeah,
I've been watching him on Netflix when the kid,
uh,
sweet.
Yeah,
that's a good impression and that's good.
Having the tree,
having those squares.
He feeds squirrels,
uh,
during the show.
I love that guy.
And also there is obviously treat merge on the page.
Go to Thomson [inaudible] Dot com go to the store.
We got DPC shirts.
The bird is fat shirts,
and of course the new Cincinnati fart poster.
So make sure you scoop one up.
Uh,
that's it.
Genes.
Are you ready to start the show?
I know I'm getting so many text messages because I'm so popular.
I don't know.
You Ready?
He's taking me now.
All right,
here we go.
Well go to your mom's house,
Christina.
No,
it does this.
That's a fucking Instagram.
Fag,
Italy.
Right.
So you're up here.
This is how my dad dancers to the clubs can,
we were clapping super on beat.
By the way.
We knocked it out of the park in that one.
And John Luca has such fun.
That's the guy who if you don't know we we played.
Yeah.
Your dad
dancing.
Yeah.
Let me see if I can pull him up.
This guy is on this lever.
I can Guy Gian Loci by,
I don't even know what he does.
I think he's like a fashion guy,
right?
Like [inaudible] or something.
I Dunno man.
So I was on Instagram and this girl,
this nice lady goes,
hey,
you gotta check out this guy's profile.
Yeah.
And I go there and lo and behold,
it's the fucking Italian asshole.
Yeah.
He's got a whole narcissistic guy.
He's a fucking worse,
isn't it?
Incredible shape.
He's the best worst,
you know?
Oh man,
that really hurts.
I fell in love with himself.
Oh my God.
Look at this fucking guy.
Hey,
suck my dick.
Yeah,
Italians are,
are they just inherently where like they always come across gay to me,
dude,
it has a 5.6 million course.
It does.
This is,
he's in a tiny,
tiny red.
This dude's in incredible shape.
Credible about 50 is almost 50 yeah,
he's got like all white hair and beard.
So that's why everybody's looking at this.
That guy's 70 or 80 but he's only like 49 but his teeth are whiter than
anything.
Yeah,
it's good.
Let's see.
So he posted this video of him,
my father standing outside of a pool.
Right.
And he's,
he's in these tiny little red speedos and he's about to put on his goggles and
you're like,
okay,
I guess he's going to go for it.
Dive here.
Okay.
I don't mind.
Starts loosening up.
Alright.
Loosens the left and the right arm.
So good.
And then,
oh,
it's a,
it's a swimming dance.
Yeah,
he's just dancing.
Dance on.
Yeah.
That's so European.
So European.
Yeah,
and a lot the clapping and what in the fuck?
Yeah.
My Dad and this guy are one.
They are one.
I know you really got to know your dad more.
I know.
I wish he was more open to sharing this guy.
Actually,
this guy,
look,
my dad will be like,
oh,
he's gone the clear,
Oh really?
It's a little too flamboyant.
And my dad went dance like this.
Plus Italians have roaches,
cockroaches of Europe.
My Damn says Italians,
Gypsies and the Italians or the cockroaches.
This dude,
look,
what does he do all day?
It's him on the boat for him.
Fucking around.
Somebody in the comments wrote all this guy does his dance and fuck his daughter
cause they're talking about this.
Oh his girlfriends,
you know,
she's a gorgeous 20 year old and then look at this shit.
Look at his beard.
He's got like jewelry on his beard.
He's one of these guys.
He's got like a jam that he ties.
Hi.
Maybe they need to do agile.
Where do you go?
Probate.
I get close and I'm lucky on a private jet.
Such dieback Lang like basically volleyball.
Soccer on a jet shirtless.
Yeah.
You know what?
This guy is
a person as,
but what does Matt go enjoy it?
You know,
you know what he is?
No,
he's a professional douchebag.
Yeah.
That's all he is.
Yeah,
he is.
He knows how to do.
He is a great shape though.
Look at this.
Look at these fucking pants.
I bet that looks like some Versace shit baby.
I think he isn't he a designer or are you thinking,
oh no,
inherited this money.
Yeah,
I don't,
I,
I googled him and it said like,
he's a lifestyle guy.
Like I don't know what that's supposed to be.
Doesn't that mean a swinger?
Basically style.
Okay.
Sounds like a lifestyler Luca.
Jesus Christ has taken the world by storm since dancing his way onto the scene
in a now viral video with his wife,
Georgia.
Gabriella,
shut up.
What do we know about him?
Well,
aside from the fact that he's friends with Zac Efron yeah,
the handsome Italian tycoon heads up the manufacturing company and he a,
um,
but he's also a big fan of Instagram.
He uses to showcase everything from all his,
you know,
activities to pajamas.
So here's everything you need to know.
Well,
it says that he's,
he's really good friends with Ron.
That's really funny.
Um,
they enjoyed shirtless horseback rides,
um,
back in the day.
Okay.
Here's a video of him riding a moped underwater.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And he's like,
this is a throwback from 2000 to 13,
and there is a lot of posts of him and Zach Efron.
Really?
Yeah.
They had to go deeper on this guy.
I mean,
I could only handle so much.
I felt the vomit rising about few scrolls down.
Get your life him.
Um,
I dunno.
It's so funny.
He's diving off a yachts.
Here's him and Zach again.
Oh
God damn it.
Oh No.
Can I go over and over?
He's a lifestyle group.
I don't know what that means.
I don't know either.
When you branded your lifestyle,
you're onto something,
right?
I don't know.
I guess it's like the way he presents himself.
Yeah.
And then that's it.
His,
his quote brand,
this is,
is this Douche bag image,
but all he's doing is like,
to me when you say I have my lifestyle is,
is like over the top luxury and decadence.
It's not really,
like,
that's not,
I don't know if that's something to say.
You're just saying I have a ton of money.
Yeah.
You mean a show off?
It's showing,
you know,
and can I tell you what really bothers me about people like this is like,
okay,
I get it.
You're,
you're having fun every day.
Every day's a party.
Yeah.
And then he'll put a post of like,
you haters can,
hey,
but I'm loving my life.
It's like,
well you're kind of baiting people cause you're like nanny,
nanny poopoo look how great my life is.
And then when people shit on you for being a douchebag,
you're like all don't be a hater.
You're baiting.
You always have the defense of you're just hating.
Right.
Which of course we are if you're shitting on him,
but you're baiting it cause you're telling me,
yeah,
sure.
You know,
I mean there's something really tacky about showing how much money you have.
It's totally tacky.
It's,
yeah.
Yeah.
I mean you see it a lot like Floyd Mayweather does that,
you know,
he's a slow clap.
Look Glasgow's money,
actual money.
That's money I got man,
like videos and like it just stacks and stacks and he's like,
I'm just counting money today.
It's Saturday.
Okay.
I mean that's kind of boring,
right?
Yeah.
This isn't boring.
No.
Is He for real?
This dude is
Danny on a motorcycle.
Oh my God.
Really?
Wow Man.
So sorry.
Standing on a motorbike for those youth.
He can dance
dancer.
We know the dance part.
Um,
uh,
dancing again.
Yeah.
I still,
I mean I guess he runs that company that I don't know what that company is.
Yeah.
But um,
it's kind of interesting that somebody is that well known,
got so many followers
and you really don't know what he really,
what he does.
Yeah.
I know he's all over the top.
You know who I like.
Who did it cool was like Richard Branson.
He would kind of be over the top but in a cool way.
Like there was a photograph of him,
um,
what's that called?
Waterskiing with like a naked model strapped to him.
That's eccentric,
but interesting.
Like,
oh wow.
That's really bizarre.
Well,
I think the other thing of its kind of annoying about this dude is that this
stuff seems very calculated.
Yeah.
That's really,
yeah.
Maybe that's like not very authentic.
Yeah.
He's just like,
look at me.
Very set up.
Yeah.
You know,
this is a move from a Danson.
Okay,
well enough of him.
Let's get back to this lady now.
I feel like this is the lady that did the coffee.
Yes.
This is the coffee enema lady heard her hair's a little longer.
Yeah,
but she's,
she's given us the new business here.
Yeah.
Man,
this is a really exciting stuff.
Um,
let's see.
We,
we,
we haven't had her in a while.
Let's see what she says here.
Hello.
Everybody Ran Florence.
Welcome to my channel.
Well,
today is all about gargling with urine.
Okay.
All right.
What's happening?
This kind of Shit,
you know,
I feel like I could see you going down this path.
I know.
Yeah,
I can see you being like,
you gotta try it bad.
I am.
One lot of people have read one dog away.
Am I still practicing?
You're in therapy therapy?
No,
I'm not.
I plan to start again.
I can just start again because I have a cold.
Oh,
okay.
Okay.
She calls a year in therapy that her whole,
her,
she needs hosting classes.
Right.
The whole introduction to that.
Like have I been doing this?
No.
But will lie.
I am plan to because I have a cold.
Like what the fuck is wrong with you?
You're so natural.
Yeah.
And she's also very sickly.
She needs to drink a little more urine because yeah.
Or a little more than urine I think.
Right?
Yeah.
How come they are Vbl that advocate?
All these wacky things.
They always look like you're dying.
Yeah.
Well
it's not good.
Not a lot of not good going on with that coffee enemas and the p drinking.
I don't know why people have to sign up for,
for doing,
for drinking urine as if there's,
you know,
there's a lot of other things you can do.
You can detox,
you can do kind of fast and you can do all kinds of shit and you got to you to
go like,
you know,
I'm gonna drink my own pissed.
Like,
why you have to take it there.
Well,
I'll tell you this,
I do know that you're in therapy works for cancer patients,
but that,
but there is no medical evidence to show that.
No,
no medical.
Of course not.
But uh,
but just to make it clear,
people have,
have done it who have cancer.
The medical world does not support it as a treatment.
I'm sure.
Yeah,
I know.
But do you do feel like I'm one step away from that right.
Hundred for 10 years I'm going to be like Tom,
we have to do the urine colonic.
I'll,
it'll be something like I'll have like a sinus infection and then you'll be
like,
you know,
I don't have one and I kind of really wish you would give it a try.
It's really changed things for me and I'll go like,
I don't want to drink,
I don't want to drink any piss.
And you'll be like,
well it's not as bad as you think it would like that.
Well cause I'm into meditation.
We know that in the new house they plan on building a meditation hut for me a
year.
But that's really where it stops.
I drink my smoothies in the morning with Kale and spinach and carrots.
That's fine.
Uh,
but I feel like that's the boundary right now.
As of now.
Yeah.
I have some new age crystals that were given to me.
I don't buy them.
Let's see where else this goes.
But I could,
can I have some your coffee?
I got so much water here.
I usually don't have coffee,
but May.
May I borrow some of your dirty brown liquid to drink?
God dammit.
Why is this not going over?
I guess because I'm a dad.
You're in has
toxic,
right?
Basically,
whatever's going on in your body.
So your body does have antibodies that can fight off this illness.
And if you take a little swig,
no,
you're a liar.
What if it,
if,
if what's on your PP is the bad stuff,
the ammonia and the toxins that your body has flushed out,
then isn't it logical?
You shouldn't be reintroducing that back in nearby.
If you're close minded,
fucking 18th century person.
Yeah,
but if you're welcome the
loser,
drink your pants already
first time.
Oh God.
That made me fucking gag in my mouth.
I don't know what her fucking problem is.
And also can we do a little different audio set up for her?
Well,
look,
as we all know,
these youtube audio quality's Piss poor at the background.
She's against a mirror and then a dirty room.
It's like the sheets on her floor and you heard all this background noise.
We need a tutorial for these youtubers to make decent videos.
Sound quality.
The music usually bad.
Why doesn't this go over when I click it?
Why is this thing here?
Okay.
All right.
There you go.
So this is
what I do is I sleep in the 10 at night.
And so what
I hear,
okay,
what I is,
I sleep in a tent at night and so there are mosquitoes here and so I urinate in
a container like this overnight.
I don't know why she sleeps in a tent when there's a bed behind her.
I know she has a cold.
She was like,
I'm going to take it outside while the sheets are ripped off.
They're down here in a pile.
Oh,
what the fuck is wrong with sleeping her team and not only she outdoors in her
tent but that throughout the night.
This is overnight.
It's not like I'm going to pee real quick to do this.
This is what I pissed last night.
Like I wouldn't even drink water that's been sitting out overnight cause it's
right.
You guys are.
Why
wait?
I like French.
She goes babe,
she goes,
I peed in this 10 like even she can't believe it on some level I've been paying
and the mud from my tent.
There are mosquitoes here.
She can't even point to it.
Yeah,
she's going to drink it.
You have to let it separate.
I've read about this though.
The year end drinking.
You have to let,
only if you take a normal sip,
don't show boat and Chug it.
Cause this is my water supply for this entire,
this is my water supply for the entire show and I'm going to mark it.
Don't,
don't be a jerk.
There's an ant in here.
All right,
I'll drink the fucking head.
Please don't show boat and pretend you are a big showboater.
Okay,
that's a sip.
Oh Bullshit.
That's a sip for my Yorkie sips.
I'm a,
I'm a marathon drinker.
We did drink the aunt.
I pee
in the t and
m in the Tan.
What the fuck
you remember?
Um,
do you ever go to Europe and they would have the pots next to the bed.
The p,
the piss pots.
My,
I used to do it.
Why not know?
Even when she come to visit us and America would pes and like,
uh,
what's it called?
A night pan.
What?
Yeah,
what do you mean she would piss enough fucking night?
They're called night pans and we keep them by the bed.
It's European styles and you piss in the pan.
And then I swore to God,
did you go to the bathroom because she's fucking old country.
You guys from Hungary?
Of course we would.
My father was like,
what are you doing?
This is totally fucked up.
And she would just still,
I like it this way,
but she would also wear a wet bathing suit and sit in the kitchen.
And in the summertime,
disgusting story.
Of course.
I don't know if did a number two in the night bucket,
but she wouldn't piss in it,
but wouldn't it five feet from the toilet.
I mean,
we lived in doors with indoor plumbing.
There was a turtle that right next to her,
but she preferred the piss in the rooms.
Just sleep in a tent.
She did actually and the summertime we had a tent and she was living in the
backyard.
My none.
I did provide for the tent.
Why?
Because it was cool.
It's cooler outside.
In the summertime you're not as fucking,
she's dead.
But when my father was too cheap to run the air conditioning at night,
so my Nana would sleep in the backyard in a attend and Canoga Park.
I know.
Fuck man.
This is what we talked about this on the,
I believe the Patriot episode is how running the AC as a sign of having money
when you're like,
I didn't get false,
but $100 a month one air conditioning.
That's true.
Now my dad,
he got the swamp cooler,
so the whole place was damp.
Agree.
This way it's kind of warm.
Is it would be like one degree down.
He'd be like,
dude,
I mean,
so we're open and close the door.
All right.
There's to drain out,
right?
You don't pay this bill.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
My parents the same way I closed the door,
the air conditioning is on.
Well,
I mean,
some of it's going to leak,
bro.
I know if I can relax,
but at no,
at nighttime,
my dad would just make us sweat in the valley.
Dude.
Fucking hot as balls Canoga Park.
And as the same time that the night stalker was going around climate into kids'
rooms and stealing them and shit.
So I was all scared of that except our windows open when fucking night stalker
was out.
Really?
Hell yeah.
I'm scared of that.
And my dad was so cheap.
He would rather me get stolen by the night Stalker Dolan.
You've been killed right then he wasn't into stealing.
Yeah.
He was like,
well,
I'm a big deal that's on the,
yeah,
that's okay.
No big deal.
I'll find it like you love it.
There's hot nights men hot as balls and he was just run a fan.
No,
we didn't even have fans in this house.
What?
Why not?
You mean overhead now?
My father had like some kind of stand up bullshit like you sleep with a,
but that was it.
And we'd have to just like sweat it out until he married my stepmom who was
like,
if I don't,
you'll have air conditioning.
And then he got the swamp cooler and then the swamp cooler made everything down.
So you wake up,
it's the morning and it was just damp.
The carpet was all dark,
like wet and cold.
And then she was like,
how about we get some real air conditioning?
Nope.
She just settled on the swamp cooler.
That was as far as she could push him because he was cheap.
And then eventually the next house,
the house he lives in now has ac.
That was the first house that had ac for him when I went to college.
He moved into that Nice House.
So that was like,
so he was 50 when he got Eric.
What the fuck?
Yeah,
that's real crazy.
That's fucking old school.
Hungarian kidding me.
There was a kid,
the only thing that I could take it further than that was in high school,
I went to this,
a buddy of mine,
we went to this other kid's place,
the lived in Melbourne,
which
is,
uh,
in,
in Florida,
like little north of where I was in school and he was summers,
you know,
it's so humid in Florida,
right?
And like swamp man,
it's like at night it's full.
100% humidity.
So you're just dying.
And we get in this kid's house and you know,
it's like a Saturday night.
So we're just hanging out drinking and we're going to crash there.
Well,
I'll walk in and I'm like,
dude is fucking brutal in here.
Why is it so hot?
Well,
he's half is half Vietnamese moms,
Vietnamese,
Dad's American.
He goes,
my dad just likes it to be more like Vietnam.
I go
and he goes,
he just,
he loves Vietnam.
He loves everything about it,
the culture and everything.
So he doesn't like to run any AC.
And I'm like,
oh my God,
I just turned them off.
I go,
I think,
I don't think I can crash here.
And I mean,
I was like,
this is fucking it first and only time I've ever,
anybody likes,
I went into trailer parks where you go in the trailer and they have 60 degree ac
in there and I go,
do we,
I don't think I can crash here.
And he goes,
well we have,
we do have a unit in the um,
like the guests.
There's like a guest house thing here.
You could stay there and go,
yeah,
that's where I'm standing.
And I go in there and I'm,
I guess the fan on and I'm just like,
it's a ceiling fan.
And I,
I pass out,
I just pass out and I wake up,
the ceiling fan broke,
you'll the night pieces of it everywhere and the kid turned on the heat instead
of the AC.
So I accidentally had the heat cranked.
What a dope.
So it was 105 and broken pieces of a ceiling fan on me.
Oh my God.
That was dangerous.
I know.
Yeah.
My Mother didn't run the AC open the windows.
We lived in an apartment complex and so you could hear everybody like this drunk
woman and cry,
just open,
open the window and I have to sweat it out on the sheets on top of the sheet has
kids too.
We're back.
So it was in $1,000 on this whole thing like,
is that why we're not doing this?
When you and I got together and we lived on Carondelet and he would run the AC
all summer.
I thought it was the most extravagant thing I had ever seen.
Yeah,
you go just fucking let it run all day and all night.
And I was like,
wait,
what?
Yeah,
Tom,
that's going to cost us a fortune.
And
I was like,
never turned it off.
Just let it always did.
And like the freon leaked and we had to get it replaced or whatever.
But that's the only thing that sucks about living in like a poor.
Oh,
there's a lot of things.
But one of the things that sucks about living in a Shitty,
poor building is when the freon ran out.
Right?
So all of a sudden one day the air's running and there's warm air coming out.
You're like,
oh,
and we call that guy down.
He's like,
it's not so cool air coming out.
That's why I fucking called you down.
That's why you're here.
And he's like,
yeah,
it's not going to be cool at all.
Right?
It's like,
so you need,
you need free on it and make it cooler.
Gary and I go,
okay,
this is like Saturday,
let's say.
He's like,
yeah.
He goes,
all right,
well,
okay.
I had the guy come out Wednesday.
I go,
no,
no.
It's uh,
it's,
you know,
it's too long.
We got it.
We got to have him come out today,
tomorrow.
And he goes,
no,
he comes on Wednesdays and that was it.
He was like,
okay,
you call another guy.
Nah,
this is the guy.
And that was it.
There was no negotiation.
We were stuck there for five days.
Like this
downtown La Cooking.
Cooking man.
Yeah.
That was a weird apartment.
And then sometimes one time we went for a trip.
We came back,
the shower was just running full blast hot.
It had been running for days.
Just hot foam last water.
Right.
I know I didn't leave this shit on the turnout in itself.
No.
Plumbing's wacky and it turn itself.
If someone came in there to fix it and left it running.
Yeah.
Hi there.
A common thread.
That was the other thing is when the sink was clogged up.
Yeah,
no it was the,
it was the,
the tub.
So you're spending and take a shower,
you know you're standing in like three inches of water.
You're like this is disgusting.
So after awhile we call him,
he goes yeah,
it's all backed up.
And that's why the water is not going down.
No,
he came over because the sink,
it was the sink.
No,
I thought it was the tub.
So maybe you weren't there that time cause he,
that's the first time I noticed that Jose wasn't,
there was a couple of screws loose cause he kept saying like the elementary,
you see what happened here is the clogs still does champion.
That's Obama is the president here now.
He made this announcement.
He was talking about Trump this week and he was like,
somebody asked him and then he just goes,
you know champion.
Yeah,
I knew I loved Obama.
It's so weird he didn't mention that he's,
he made that for me.
That's really nice.
Thank you president.
What?
You just said it in a press conference.
Wow.
Whoa,
whoa.
Wait a minute.
I don't know about that.
You must have heard you say that.
I repeated it cause it was part of the show.
He just wanted to say that one day
the preacher said that and I thought it was absurd.
That wasn't the matcher.
No,
it was a half ounce or half ounce.
Yeah.
God does not say that word.
God does not drop any bombs.
Yeah.
God bless Nigga.
So dumb.
Yeah.
God blesses a naked.
I'm drawing big tits on drafting.
God is real.
God blesses a Nigga.
Oh my God.
I mean,
it's right here.
I said that like years ago and there's still punishing me from,
oh here's by the way,
I couldn't fucking find this last week.
God dammit.
I'm licking your balls or your penis or anus or something.
Go ahead.
I love the beacon for shyness.
Okay.
Anyways,
go back to what you were saying.
So that's the first time I noticed Jose wasn't that bright because he kept
explaining.
He goes,
zoo will happen is it will drain is clogged and the water won't go down.
Yeah,
that's what he said about the tub.
It's clogged up.
And I was like,
yeah,
I did.
Yeah,
yeah bro.
I'm going to have to put a snake in the pull everything out so then the water
will go down.
Thanks.
Could you get on that?
Because I'm like,
yeah,
cause I'm standing in it.
I'm always standing in it and he's like,
yeah,
it's because it's backed up more drain.
Yup.
And that it's not going to go down until I do this.
So I know now he,
he and his wife Linda Sweet people,
Linda was,
she had,
I love it.
And she'd come over and I'd had just made spanakopita from trader's Joe.
Yeah.
And she would eat half the tray.
She would,
she was a tiny woman.
So I let her,
I'm like,
gosh,
she needs to eat more than I do.
But I went to their apartment one time on the first floor and it was an exact
replica of ours.
The layout,
except they were clean,
super clean and they had trails like liner trails,
like plastic.
I oles you know what I'm talking about?
That's a real immigrant thing too,
to have like a pathway of plastic.
I put Hosanna horse deck on him.
Yes,
I bet he did.
we should call Mary.
Oh,
she's like,
yeah,
Mario and I get married.
He goes,
it's a pet name if I,
his cat,
he had a long order break cause he has a Puerto Rican guy and he had a long
ponytail.
My really long real for him.
I remember one time he goes,
hey Tom got a ball you so bad.
I go,
what the fuck is that?
It's a bag full of soup.
And I go,
Oh yeah.
I was like,
I'm having to tell him what that's called.
Did you know what is that called?
The garment bag.
But I mean,
I was like,
what's a suit bag?
At first I thought he was saying soup bag,
right?
And I just,
I was like,
I don't think I have that man.
I asked him like had he had to say it five times?
Yeah.
Well,
so I really liked them though and I will say once,
once Hosanna,
Linda left the building went down,
then these fucking dirt bag,
Russians brought it,
fucking bought it.
The scumbag brewskies came and then the building went down and that's when we of
the about this.
Some people will know if you live in cities and you've moved from a Shitty
neighborhood to just a better one.
The first phone call you get that you don't expect is a for car insurance.
Your car insurance goes way down.
Way down.
We moved to a good neighborhood from a bad neighborhood and I had thought about
it.
I,
I was talking to our insurance one day after we moved and they were like,
Oh yeah,
your payment is now half and you're getting a refund.
Because I didn't tell him we'd move.
You're going to get like a $600 I was like,
what?
Why?
And they're like,
well you moved from like a horrible neighborhood.
Uh,
where a car jacking sacrifice all the time to a decent neighborhood.
I was like,
oh this is great.
We just kind of scream.
Of course if you think of it,
cause if you're poor or more poor,
you are not going to get the insurance sucks.
Uh,
wha what are Carter,
you know?
Oh my God,
she's going to drink it.
Throw up
is
having to go to a hospital and be hooked up to an IME.
It sounds pretty sanitary.
She's got mental problems.
Are you sure?
Sure.
What am I going to show you?
You saying that some of these youtubers have mental problems.
A serial killer interview cause he's got real,
he killed so many people.
Here comes the funny part of the show.
I'm going to throw up.
She's drinking it.
Oh my fuck.
Oh
my God.
I think I threw up a little bit.
No it doesn't boob.
She almost vomited
those nasty pharmaceutical companies with their pet
salient good
mellow flavor.
Yes.
See how it does for my cough a couple more times.
Please don't go out there so that
if you're struggling with allergies.
Okay.
All right.
I don't want to see,
there's this stuff called Robitussin to you can just go to the rite aid and pick
that up.
It doesn't taste like urine.
Tastes like Cherry.
It's good.
Did you see her almost who?
Yeah.
She was like,
was it good?
Listen man,
I had to make this video because too many niggas is talking against the beauty
of e and s with all these dumb ass arguments about your shit in there.
It isn't that man.
I think if you could eat pussy,
Yuki,
e s e n asses right around the corner like right around the corner from me.
So later.
Yeah,
you can go one place.
You could go to the next door neighbor.
It's not that hard.
Good point.
Yeah.
Actually,
let's see.
I was going to,
this is more for you.
I think that you're right down there.
Yeah.
Wait me.
Yeah,
Yeah Babe.
No,
it's the same argument in different parts,
but it's the same argument.
Babies,
am I eating pussy?
Is that timeout second deck.
But I'm,
but I'm saying you could interchange that.
Absolutely not.
Why that my anatomy is significantly different than yours.
I don't know if you know that what I'm saying.
It's the same thing as the district.
Do you think it's right around the corner?
No.
No it is not.
Your Dick is far,
far,
far from your butthole.
No,
it's not a ball.
Separate the Dick from the bottle for a reason because my mouth wasn't supposed
to go there.
Thank you.
Yeah.
That's a case.
Horrible argument.
Come on.
The balls are the buffer so that I don't like your butthole.
I personally think like in um,
biology and anatomy of God.
Yeah.
We're like,
who's clearly mess rusty ass.
That's why I asked is fat.
You got the cushion,
you got to look at the cushion.
So when you put your head in there like you'd be safe.
Like no harm could come your way while you eat and ask cause you'd be safe in
the cheeks for me.
Yeah.
Cause they seem like a nice guy.
Like a sweet guy.
We also got this email today as um,
um,
uh,
typing this.
We,
we,
we got this today.
I'm a huge new found fan of yours.
I heard Christina snort when she giggled and burped and thought to myself,
this is the type of woman I want to be listening to.
Wow.
She's just so real.
Then,
uh,
your mom's house or who she met,
your mom says,
I've been hooked to both your uh,
that's deep bro.
Ever since.
Um,
yeah.
Listen to that.
See pro guys.
Shit.
Thank you.
She,
so anyways,
lots of,
she said that I'm coming to see it to come on your comedy club next month.
My boyfriend surprised me with tickets on my smurf day.
Uh,
can you say he got some gray fruit and ass eating action for that?
Anyways,
fantastic show.
Oh,
and Tom,
I always heard how enjoyable ass eating is for you guys.
I've offered it to my boyfriend many times and he keeps saying no.
How do I convince them to say yes?
Jessica?
First of all,
you and I were on the same page.
Yes.
Until that last,
yeah.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure anymore.
I Dunno.
Maybe a little wife swap because uh,
I mean how,
how could this son of a bitch turn that down?
What is wrong with him?
What's you,
what's wrong with you was what's all with all this ass stuff you want lately?
What's going on?
What I just want,
you are like six guys.
Uh,
I dunno man.
I Dunno.
I've just trying to get,
can we just with a finger calling on?
Yeah.
Yeah,
let's do that.
Can get you need to be patient with me.
I feel like you always rushed me and scare me.
You don't let me take my time with stuff.
That's a deal.
It's a deal.
You got to let me get,
cause it's awfully hot around there.
Okay.
I get scared cause it's hot.
First of all,
and smelly.
I'm totally onboard.
When's your colonoscopy?
October.
No,
October and the date I do because I want everyone listening to hold you to this
one because now that we've rescheduled it so that you,
the reason we rescheduled you just everybody knows he's not a chicken.
Because I had some listeners come up to me at the comedy store and go,
all the buns isn't going to get a colonoscopy.
He's a chicken and airy Shaffer texted you,
you know,
but look,
look,
look chicken.
It's not because of that.
It's because Tom had some tour things scheduled.
It would and it would kind of fuck up the colonoscopy because you need time to
do that.
It's October 27th okay.
30 am that's close to when we moved to genes.
Boy,
you're gonna.
You have to take that drink the night before.
So 5:00 PM on,
you're going to be shitting your brains out the night before.
We'd postpone it because it was going to interfere with the live podcast.
We just did.
We,
it would be today that you would have had that colonoscopy.
Yeah,
but not only just canceling,
but it would have screwed up probably last night.
Yeah,
so October 27th guys,
everybody lock buttons and to this one there's no getting out.
Old me to it was,
let's help this lady out.
How did she convince?
Don't ask me.
I don't fucking know what I would do.
I would actually use some of what Christina just said.
Baby steps,
baby steps.
If he's resistant,
maybe you kind of ease back there some taint plague,
get some,
you know,
kind of creep on,
creep,
creep little bit,
little bit at a time.
Then maybe some,
you know,
just a little finger licked and kind of edge around the outside and then all of
a sudden he's like,
oh,
he's into it.
And then you hock a luxury in there and then you know he's,
he's so turned on by then you just bury your face in.
There you go.
Crazy.
I disagree.
Okay.
I think that's,
this is the right way to do it.
Okay.
Tell him,
put him in on all fours.
First of all,
you put some alcohol on it.
Yeah.
Fucked up.
But that to be fucked up.
Ripped.
Just buzzed.
Have a little wine,
have some candle so that he's not embarrassed by what it looks like.
Cause I'm sure his ass holes not as pretty as Tom.
Put Him in the dog.
Yeah.
And to shove your face in there,
but that's not how you do that.
Put him on his,
on his belly and be like,
oh,
and I give you a massage and then put him but his knees up and then I guess do
it that way.
Give him a rusty trombone.
Oh,
I think,
I think you gotta slowly get into it,
but tenants a massage,
a back rub,
and then then just shove your face in there,
I guess.
True.
Sure.
See that's what you kind of do with me.
You've always done the surprise attack.
Yeah.
You sneak attack me constantly and I'm not comfortable doing that.
And then you'll be like,
boom.
Yeah.
And that's how you've tricked me into many a thing that I wasn't ready for.
Um,
so this is the one that's right.
You're not going to address it and you just going to act like they didn't say
any of that.
I forgot about this sneak attack.
You said,
I sneaky fag here.
You've sneak attack to me every time.
I'm like,
I'm not comfortable doing that.
Then you just force it on me anyways.
That's rude.
It's true.
That's not true.
You sneak attack it and then I'm like,
Whoa,
what?
Yeah.
And then afterwards you're like,
that was pretty cool.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're never,
no,
that's the thing is you,
you can always read me and you kind of know how far to push my boundaries and
hope.
Yeah.
You had to push the guys boundary a little bit.
Yeah,
that's what,
that's what I was telling her.
He's on back there.
Yeah.
These on bag jiggle the twins for a minute.
Right.
And then kind of read back Jayla twins in with your thumb like that.
Maybe that's reverse grip.
Oh,
that's interesting because she's checking the oil that way.
But see,
I think that we could end everything.
I know.
Yeah.
But that's when she shaves her face in there quick before he has a chance.
That's a risky,
yeah.
You're,
you're kind of playing the high risk reward game right there.
That's all I know.
Yeah.
So let me show you this serial killer lineup.
So this guy,
Arthur Shawcross was there.
I heard of him.
Yeah.
Will you and I have watched a program about him?
Is this that funny,
funny thing where his mom molest him?
Yeah.
But
I say that was funny.
He brought this up at the live show yesterday and yeah.
The audience didn't seem to think that part was funny.
Oh yeah,
I remember this asshole.
Yeah.
He's a real fucking pos.
This guy.
Oh yeah,
man,
this is on Netflix now,
dad.
Oh,
just do
links a lot.
Yeah.
To take,
it's called guilt.
Yeah.
More or less after they just relax your body.
Relax.
It doesn't fight,
so he knows they're dead.
I don't take it both for a minutes.
Problem not interested in got these eyes.
No thanks.
Don't feed it on my lunch.
Yeah.
Anyways,
sorry.
Why did you show that to the audience and to me?
Well,
there was part of our comedy show.
Was that appropriately the suit as we were talking,
what were we talking about?
And I brought it up.
I brought it up and you wanted to bring it up.
You forced that on me queued up.
Yeah,
you did.
Right.
Oh,
for fuck's she talking to the killer?
Yeah,
man.
Yeah.
You want to get to the subsequently found out that he did hang out at a Dunkin
donut.
Oh boy.
You want to do the no,
no,
I'm
good.
I got it.
Like a bunch of playing cards here.
We took the stack and like,
oh,
is that right?
Do they come and we're able to verify was
put 'em under a hypnosis.
Um,
the shrink did after he was caught and then she starts,
you know,
getting into all his history.
The fact that he was a horribly mistreated sexually as a child part is funny for
the,
in the course of the interviews,
he,
we lived with some of that experience,
which was out of his conscious awareness.
Dr. Lewis,
let's sure
cross your series of interviews,
some conducted under a form of hypnosis.
What are you doing
while you're moaning and peanut?
What happened?
Wow,
great.
Can I not see this ever?
I don't want this.
Okay.
Look,
we gotta move on.
I'm going to throw up.
I hate this kind of shit.
I got a son.
So one listener wrote in saying that they agreed with you that the last episode
we watched where a man got his legs crushed,
violently
thought of it makes you happy.
A one person wrote in saying that they agree with you.
Actually I won't,
I won't exaggerate exactly.
Three people email the show saying that you are right.
But that was funny.
And then they submitted some horribly violent videos that we can watch and,
and judge for ourselves as it funny or just horrible.
Yeah.
Well,
um,
hold on a second.
It's at the bottom of the cheat sheet.
No,
I know.
I know where it is.
I wanted to first say that you're not telling the truth.
I have the emails that came in.
Hold on.
I was talking about his podcast,
jl.com posted this on,
uh,
what's it called?
On Facebook.
I posted the video of the guy getting crushed by the car.
I asked everybody to watch it on the page and I said,
check 'em out.
Here's what I want to know.
Do you laugh at this a lot?
A little or not at all?
The posts reached 50,000.
Um,
there's hundreds of comments.
Uh Huh.
All of them being like,
you're mentally ill.
No.
Here's the first comment.
As an Asian,
I must say this is the most aes and Shit I've ever seen from the bad driving to
the yell to the cold gays or the man staring at the director,
Brian Yang posted that they've lost Asian Shit.
Yeah.
You see,
that's funny.
He wrote,
it's this weird Asian mentality.
If you get some,
if you get hurt somehow it's your own fault.
I bet everyone in the shop was like,
why the hell was he standing back there anyway?
It's right.
Um,
and then finding right underneath that a woman Sheena rights as another Asian I
secondness
so it's an Asian thing.
Yeah,
that's what they said.
Um,
so let's see.
I laughed a lot.
There's the next comment from Russell,
mostly at the dis disinterested asshole.
Glancing down at the dude's fucked up legs.
Um,
well see that's the thing is that's different than the guys pain.
Are you laughing at the sound of the man's pain?
Okay,
well,
there's a lot that I'm laughing at.
I mean,
the,
his expression,
the sound of the sound of his pain.
There's like a way you can break it up,
detach yourself from the real pain to find it funny,
you know.
See that maybe that's my problem is I have what's called empathy.
No.
And so when I see other humans being heard or animals,
I don't feel like it's fun.
Yeah.
I don't find it ever wait for him for animals to get hurt.
Um,
and I,
I don't like if you told me like someone's,
you know,
like a really,
I don't know,
like one time this guy told me this bathtub got dropped on his neck and it
shattered it.
I laughed so hard,
but it's not in his faith.
I laughed in his face.
I couldn't even control myself.
And he was like,
I know you love this shit.
He used to come to work.
It'd be like,
Oh,
I'll tell you that.
He was able to be like,
Tom,
I know you'll love this.
About this time I was working at a site in this ladder,
fell and broke my leg.
Um,
and then I was just laughing,
laugh.
So yeah,
I'd say,
I don't,
did you get here?
He's due July.
Dan Hughes wrote.
It's definitely funny.
I'm like Ben,
I laughed almost as much as I did from the lady falling off the grape stomping
back.
That was different.
That was funny.
But he said,
he's saying he's saying that he left because her al is like,
oh,
I like,
it was a funny sound.
Yeah,
well the guy said I laughed.
It was little.
Daniel says,
I laughed a lot.
The sound he's making sounds like he's mocking someone in pain.
Couldn't help it.
Um,
Tyler road.
I'm still trying to find my balls because I laughed them off vigorously watching
this.
Chelsea writes a lot.
I showed a few friends who laughed but didn't find that as funny as I did.
Oh,
that's interesting.
Well,
Bryon Byron Brian writes,
it would be funnier in person.
Uh,
Jose,
I couldn't stop laughing.
Um,
like all these people are just trying to suck up to you.
I don't think so.
No,
because a few people told me this isn't funny.
Okay.
Can we watch the video again,
please?
And then I'd like to see the other videos that were presented to us and we can
watch for ourselves and see if it's funny or just a sad,
okay.
Okay.
Right.
Why a little taste of loud?
I'm like,
God,
I love the taste of Alaska.
I hate when those four commercial is that form.
I didn't want to give him [inaudible] blog.
So upsetting.
And I know.
Um,
let's see here.
There you have to wait for the fucking dad to stop.
Alright,
so here we go.
One that started at all.
All right,
so the guys back in India,
the garage,
is it back at a newer employee forward,
I guess is pulling forward into it,
right?
You'd have a dash cam in the front of your car.
Isn't
a lot of pain right now.
You think it's really funny.
I don't
violent baby and he's
suffering is not helping at all.
This guy's just like,
why are you making so much noise?
Yeah,
hold on.
Here's the best part.
This guy like whatever,
whatever.
Right.
Didn't give a shit.
Look down not to fuck with that man's life coming back.
He's texting somebody feel bad.
It looks at the car
fucked up right there on the car.
And that man still hasn't stood up yet.
Jeans?
No.
He's riding in.
Hey.
And you're laughing.
Okay.
And this is walks over him.
This is terrible.
This is the saddest thing I've ever seen in my life.
Right?
This is terrible.
Yeah.
No,
that's not good.
It's not good.
Damn man
bad.
You don't know what to anymore.
That's the real killer interview.
Nope.
Okay.
Guide
with you.
It's kind of interesting and I don't,
I'm not into it right now,
man.
I,
you know,
the older I get,
the more sensitive I am.
The shit like this can work.
Uh,
what was sent in and this is an NR show file.
I haven't seen any of it yet.
It's called funny or horrific.
Okay.
So we're supposed to watch these and decide.
And you're allowed to laugh if you think it's funny and I will.
Okay.
And I will,
trust me.
There's lots,
this is Tanner,
right?
It makes explosive targets.
You mix it together and then use a high power bullet to explode it all.
It's normally safe.
If used correctly,
it wasn't this time.
This is what's left of a broken down writing
lawn mower.
23 year old David Presley pack with three pounds of Tannerite then shot it with
a rifle.
They weren't terribly bad from there
flying piece of the lawnmowers.
Severed prestige.
Very dangerous.
It's not a toy.
Well you know why that's funny.
More than a firecracker,
whatever.
You know what I'm calling the kettle black now.
You know why that's funny.
He's a fucking idiot redneck.
And he,
he got himself into that by Tannerite or whatever.
She's shooting that Hannah.
Right?
Why is his asshole shooting up something that's highly explosive?
Genuinely laugh.
Well cause he's a fucking hillbillies.
He's an idiot.
He deserved that.
He severed his leg but he's a dumb dumb.
Are you shooting a highly explosive?
Yeah.
But what happened to empathy?
No,
he that was self inflicted.
Dumb.
That was his own fault.
Yeah.
I cannot believe you're laughing at that.
Well,
he's a dope.
Wow.
You're so mean about it too.
Well cause like the woman's like it's highly explosive.
Tannerite so why would you do that?
It's too close.
He shooting too close.
Why do you have to shoot anything and the fucking backyard?
You know what I mean?
God.
Okay.
I did not pan right then.
Shot it with a rifle.
Why would you buy it from there?
A flying piece of the lawnmowers
move on his lap.
Dangerous.
It's not a colon.
Yeah,
he's a dope.
Greg Bloom.
Lego dumbed down.
I'm not with you guys on that one.
Are you serious?
You empathize.
I don't think it's funny you empathize with the tannerite shooting.
Retard.
He shoots his own shit off.
Oh yeah.
Oh my God.
Yeah,
that was,
that was dumb.
Okay,
thank your dumb.
whoa.
Yes.
Sorry.
People that don't know.
Yeah,
we did a horrible job of saying it.
This guy did he jump in is it looks like he,
they're sitting on the wall and they're sitting on the wall of a,
this is kind of a bullshit level.
Bull fighting.
It's not professional rank.
Yeah.
I mean like it's,
you know,
it's small town stuff,
right?
This is a small town and this dude jumps in and he starts running and the bulge,
it's a small bull charges him and Oh locks him under the Chin and knocks this
dude out cold.
I mean really knocks and Malcolm,
it looks like,
uh,
like in football of full speed,
like the planner was,
was going to fair catch from the ball and somebody just lays him the fuck out.
God,
it's so funny.
Is that for you?
I don't know.
I don't know
more like,
oh my God,
but that's just kind of does that to me.
That doesn't tickle your taste,
Huh?
Yeah.
I still totally disturbed that you thought it was funny.
That guy's leg was severed.
Just the way he went.
Like,
well,
what did you think was going to happen?
Ding Dong,
you shot a,
the highly explosive thing with a rifle at pretty close range.
If you look,
he's not far enough.
I can see his,
so yeah,
he should have kind of look when people shoot explosive things and the in their
own backyard.
You're like,
what are you doing bro?
Like it's not a smart set up.
No,
I know.
You know.
And and getting an attack by an animal is different story.
Getting accidentally crushed by a car is a different story.
That's a funny,
right?
It's a funny,
funny your premise then.
Yeah.
The bull.
Big Ass bonfire.
Take one out guys.
Don't try this out.
That's a big bonfire.
Lot paper guys.
Five gallons.
Right?
Why people haven't done this.
Let's do this shitting on a mountain of stuff.
Yeah,
I kinda like this.
Ward three.
Okay.
They're going to light this.
Oh my God.
Oh.
Oh,
you don't?
Okay.
You okay?
Holy Fuck man at fire.
All right.
And you don't even see what,
it's just a flash bang.
I mean that turned into a bond.
You're not laughing.
You're laughing at this funny,
funny video.
And these aren't as funny as the ones I,
the accidental leg crushing.
That was funny.
Okay.
It's not that his leg got crushed.
It was the how the guy reacted to it.
That was funny.
The indifferent.
Oh,
that part.
And then on top of that,
yeah,
a guy comes back,
it doesn't care.
Then it comes back a second time.
A checks out the bumper.
Yeah.
And text messages.
Someone.
Yeah.
That was way fun.
Here it's like I'm going to be late for this guy.
He lit that from,
how would you be that dumb to light that that close.
That's what I'm saying.
Why hillbillies,
Bam.
Yeah.
Not Bright.
No,
they're not smart.
It should tell all of you guys that if you ever,
if you ever,
you know,
now it's just,
cause I,
I moved this year.
I'll stop for a second.
If you ever decide to
do a bonfire or set off a bomb of some type,
get really far away from it,
you know?
Yeah.
Or just don't do it or get really far away.
This one's so careless.
This,
which is like a pile.
It was a pile of wood,
all kinds of bullshit before five gallons of gasoline on it and then he lit it
from 16 inches away.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
It's pretty bad.
Yeah.
That's really bad.
They didn't do it for me.
That one I thought for sure.
That would make you giggle.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
You okay?
Fine.
All right.
Holy Fuck.
A bunch of retired,
right?
Yeah,
I did.
Um,
when I was in,
in middle school,
I went to was Lake Michigan.
There was like a part you could go to the lake by our house and it was pretty
isolated.
And I put together,
made a little bonfire and I took spray paint cans and I put them in the fire.
But then I backed,
I mean I ran back up this hill after it got to a certain temperature,
they exploded and the color of that spray paint would go up in the air.
Yeah.
But I got really far away from it and,
oh,
that's number one.
If you're going to do Tom foolery like this.
Yeah.
Get the fuck away,
dude.
Yeah.
Don't stick around.
Did you know that my dad blew up a bridge when he was a teenager?
Yeah.
You told me that in Louisville.
Small.
Yeah.
Damn.
Like one of those not,
not a bridge,
like a major,
that commuting bridge.
It was one of these wooden email,
like when he was in denning or something.
No,
no,
no.
He did that later.
It was like 13.
He went and uh,
there was like a little wooden tea for a little,
a small crossing the pond kind of thing,
you know?
Yeah.
And he put a stick of dynamite in there
and uh,
blew it up and then this is how old's call that shit was,
I forget,
I think the sheriff found out,
came to the House and talked to his dad and he was like,
well I'll give him a talking.
I'll talk to them.
That was it.
Yeah.
And they were all like,
you can't do that,
don't you go blown up bridge no more.
Yeah.
He was like,
I'm tired.
Cause like now if he did that,
what happens?
You get sent to jail or oh my God.
Well we are 13 what happens?
You get at,
first of all,
I forget the story of how he got his hands on dynamite,
but that would be the story.
Like how'd you get dynamite,
right.
Well they sold it on the side of the road back then.
Yeah.
Really crazy man.
Really crazy.
Well it's true though.
Isn't that weird?
How he did kind of grow up and then blew up a bunch of bridges in Vietnam.
Like he found his life's calling early in life.
It's neat when you do that.
It is neat.
Um,
I know many people.
Do you think your dad's killed?
Seriously?
Uh,
seriously.
I really don't know.
I think if I had to guess,
probably less than a hundred.
Less than a hundred?
I think so.
Should we ask him one time?
Yeah,
let's ask him.
He'll tell you now.
Let me guess what he would do to kind of roll his eyes a hundred dad.
Seriously.
Yeah,
I dunno.
Cheese.
Um,
so I know you don't want to watch the interview even though it's really cool
with that guy.
No,
no,
please.
No,
I'm not going to play it,
but I,
this is also from prison,
but I think you'll like it much more.
Okay.
Oh,
you'll like this morning.
You will.
All right.
That's a plan.
Duct tape.
They call me duct tape.
It's a bad nickname.
That is a bad name.
Hey,
duct tape,
duct tape.
Duct tape.
Zero sounds is over.
They saving two total.
Roger,
they were using the bathroom.
Why are you eating?
You won't live his life.
No date.
That's his tick is tick is,
is saying that over and over.
That's terrifying.
No,
you think scare my ass out of
going to prison.
Tight duct tape.
It's a neat nickname.
His nickname nick.
Nick,
nick,
Nick.
Nick as a neat nap.
Nap.
Yeah.
How do you think he got the nickname?
Duck tape?
Um,
we call them duck tape cause it's pretty safe to guest.
There was a crime involved I think,
right?
Right.
The old duct tape over there,
right?
Yeah.
I don't think it from a class projects or like a childhood thing really in the
construction work as a kid.
Well he just liked to play with duct tape so we call them duck tape.
Yeah,
that's a no,
that's a bad nickname.
Okay.
Yeah.
Fucking white people his episode.
Huh?
Damn white people.
White people.
What white person doesn't know what is is duct tape.
Boy Know how I thought he sounded like a white hillbilly.
It's fine.
But can you see him with your eyes?
It was black and white as I can tell.
I was black and white.
It's gray.
The footage,
I don't fucking know shit.
Yeah.
Sounds like go ask the day
just sounded hillbilly.
Alright man.
Alright.
Right.
That's what people wake up.
Plot poop.
Wake up white people.
All right.
Um,
uh,
there's a lot to get to.
Um,
what do you want to hear?
What are you,
what are you,
yeah,
yeah.
Well there's what does this girl scout thing?
Oh,
that's the lady in the plastic
thing.
Ladies around the campfire.
Oh yeah.
I,
I can't tell sometimes.
I can't tell when the things that they say submit or real or acted,
you know?
Yeah.
Do you,
have you seen this,
do you know if this is real or
did y'all have one named gale girl Gail Scott Scott's knocking on your door.
Did she come to your trailer?
She,
yeah.
Yeah.
It was like [inaudible] or some shit.
One of them knock on my door and she was trying to sell me,
get Jason and say,
well,
would you want to get the,
you know,
the wacky way saying that she's not
okay.
I think it's,
she's,
I think she's doing a bit,
yeah,
but she's doing a character.
Yeah.
You know,
from the outfit to the way she was like the guy,
the lady goes,
oh,
she came over early.
She was,
yeah.
It was like noon.
I felt like a deliberate,
it's a joke.
Joke.
Yeah.
All right.
I think right.
Yeah.
It's hard to tell on this one.
She has a bunch of others.
Our dogs letting us know.
It's dinnertime ones at the door.
Yeah,
it is dinner time.
They know when it's dinner time.
I do know.
Yeah.
I was sitting in here recording this deep bro and both of them just looked at me
like,
are you ready to get a feed me bitch?
Yeah.
Like how do you fuckers know is five 30 dogs can't tell time.
They know,
man.
They know what time it is.
Oh,
hey,
no,
dude.
Um,
he,
he's all,
they did give you that and then they come over and they are reading so much.
I got a market.
They thank you as well.
You know,
you're always,
they do,
after we feed them,
they like your hand.
Like,
look how much water I've been drinking.
Just look up the lines.
Why are you making lines?
Because I'm letting you know.
This is from the last step to this up.
These aren't Yorkie sips.
These are really big sips.
Okay.
Yeah.
Mark and it looks small.
This Yorkie drinks a lot.
Yorkies drink alarm.
Small dog drink a lot.
Bitsy drinks more than Fif.
You'll notice I did notice that.
She's all right.
She's always licking her little thing and then create the marble.
Yeah,
we can hear it.
The hamster thing,
um,
this is pretty great.
This lady,
they couldn't,
they couldn't drive the bus,
the city bus because she stood and sat in the area that you put a bike in the
front.
[inaudible] afternoon commute to a screeching halt for some CTA bus riders on
the South side.
When a woman did this,
I'm a bike.
Sure.
Whatever you want,
man.
It'll be fantastic.
It's your wild play bar.
I'm a bike dimension.
Why do you like that?
And I go,
why do you,
yeah.
Yeah,
I do it.
Yeah.
I call made up
so crazy.
That's a good one.
It really is.
Okay.
Hi,
I'm a bike.
Is Is my new favorite?
That's what you want to,
I'm a bike.
I liked it.
The person is so crazy.
I had to say,
whoa.
Is that yours?
That's yours,
man.
Come on man.
Can we come on man,
that's not as you know,
yours is closer.
No it's not.
You're just holding it under there,
man.
It's you.
Why can't you put it down?
Because I'm reading the topics that I wrote down for this episode and I feel
like we're not doing the cool stuff.
All right,
go ahead.
No,
you continue.
What did you want to do next?
You said you want to bring up your top and I wanted to read the Mama's on
reviews for,
can we take a joke cause they're funny.
All right,
go ahead.
You got to pull it up.
You're not,
if I put my phone up here,
it's going to affect the recording and you're going to yell at me so I can't,
you have to do it right.
Can we take a joke?
Reviews and Amazon.
Okay.
Are they in here?
No.
You have to just Google Amazon.
Can we take a joke and it's there on the reviews.
All right.
Yeah,
the worst.
How was your facial today?
It was great.
First Time.
His second facial you've had in your life.
Yeah.
And you went to the Russian in 15 years?
And what did she say to you?
Um,
I said,
well we saw like there's big white has an blackheads yesterday.
And I was like,
whoa man,
this is bad man.
You said you got a call?
So I called,
I went in there,
laid down.
She was [inaudible].
I see,
I see.
I see how it goes.
It bad.
And she goes,
there's room for improvement
room for improvement.
And then she butchered you.
Right?
She massacred your face.
It hurts man.
Yeah,
but it's good.
It's like a good kind of pain.
Hot Cause you know that.
Yeah.
You're going to look awesome.
So you go to,
can you take a joke?
Okay,
I'm here and then you read the reviews.
Yeah,
just is there one you want me to read in particular?
Oh,
just see it.
They're funny.
Okay,
great.
Doc.
Highlighting the absurdity of censoring on standup comedy should out to the
excellent duration done by the main moniker seen of it.
Just keep doing our thing.
She keeps it high and tight.
You know what I mean?
Lots of great content.
Interesting points of view.
Uh,
only one missing is top dog from all the legends in the game.
Godfrey,
Norton,
Penn Jillette,
some of the crazy,
unbelievable outrage from seemingly harmless attempts at comedy makes the viewer
say,
Whoa,
Hey Hitler.
It's so
convenient to be able to stream the dock now through Amazon because I wonder
what rewatch a few scenes that made me tighten up my,
how you say rectum if you are on the fence,
do I hesitate?
It's a great doc.
The only thing it left me thinking was why is Bert so fat?
That's great.
See on the one hand,
I'm sure the producers of can we take a joker stoke that people are watching it
and revealing it.
On the other hand,
they're all crazy reviews is another review.
It's all our fans from red miss 89 sky punches for the wind.
What an amazing documentary.
My jeans are now higher and tight.
You know what I'm saying?
The film dives
into the Pacific struggles of comedians having to apologize for jokes.
The insights from the all star cast.
We'll give you a better understanding of what a joke actually is.
Some say friends are the worst,
but after watching this,
you will realize the political rec correctness is just as bad as why burnt
Chrysler is so fat.
Yeah.
That was fine.
Great.
Yeah.
Very funny.
I started,
uh,
acknowledge the,
you're right listeners.
Mommy's rejoice.
There's a lot.
Yeah.
There's a lot here.
It's funny.
Like I said,
I don't think the,
the producers of the film have not reached out to thank me for all the reviews.
Yeah.
But still very fun.
It's so funny that this is now immortalized on,
on this movie,
I think is fun.
Uh,
we could try.
If you want to call top dog real quick,
I'd love to,
yeah.
You want to try it?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Let's see if,
um,
if I can make that happen.
Okay.
Here we go.
I never remember that house number,
but I'll give it a shot.
Okay,
here we go.
Let's see if he'll answer.
Yeah,
too late.
They're so bad about answering the phone.
Fuck his time,
sir.
So upsetting.
And then a lot.
I was like,
where were you?
Hello?
Chara yes.
Hi.
It's your son.
The funniest thing [inaudible] I want to blow up that cost.
Let me answer
because it's up to 1% six.
I looked cero familiar.
Almost block you.
Oh,
cause they had
told me,
you was telling me,
hey,
can you turn down that TV for a second?
Sorry.
Can you turn on your TV?
Hey,
I need to ask dad something real quick and can you pass them down?
Do you mind?
Okay.
On.
Okay,
thanks so loud.
Why is it so loud?
Hey Buddy.
Hey,
what's up dad?
Oh,
just sitting her watching the Olympics.
Yeah.
Good time and fun.
Oh yeah.
It's amazing how,
um,
how great the Americans are doing in a poorly,
the Chinese are doing relative to their,
yeah.
Well,
but yeah,
they did print,
the Chinese did really well and then when they had the Olympics there,
but you know,
I haven't seen my theaters.
Is that what you're saying?
Right.
Well,
you know,
I think the,
the,
the cheaters really turned out to be,
uh,
the Russians,
you know,
they a band a hundred and some odd Russians.
Yeah.
The entire weight lifting team and all,
but I think,
uh,
water to track and field people.
Wow.
Huh.
That's pretty significant.
Hey,
um,
how many people you think you killed overall?
Well,
uh,
rolls into it.
You know,
I'm not really sure.
I mean that was
not really sure.
Do you have a guest,
like a rough estimate?
Oh,
probably three.
Really?
What really be,
that's maybe why not more?
Well,
officers do most of the,
um,
you know,
you,
you basically can,
you control the artillery and stuff.
And so sometimes you know,
and that your troops do most of the shooting.
But when you've talked about,
you said it's like a euphoric feeling,
like the best thing is killing the enemy.
You experienced that firsthand.
Well,
you know,
I don't like to,
yeah,
that's not something that,
that I really would ever want to talk about publicly.
Okay.
Well let me ask you this.
You like jokes,
right?
I love jokes.
Okay.
So I wanted to read some jokes to you and talk and you tell me what you think of
these jokes.
Okay.
How can you tell when a blonde sends you a fax?
Uh,
I love blonde jokes by the way.
I don't know.
It has a stamp on it.
Love those jokes.
Okay.
How can you tell if a blonde has been using your computer?
I don't know.
There's whiteout all over the Monitor.
I got one for you too.
Okay,
go.
Go ahead.
Okay.
This line is sitting at a bar in Chicago watching the,
yeah.
The one of these bars where they had to TV buying the bar and uh,
there's some guy up on the ledge getting ready to jump.
So this,
this guy sits,
sat next to her and he says,
sure,
this is the six o'clock news.
And,
and uh,
he says,
uh,
I bet you he jumps and a blonde says,
I bet you a drink.
He doesn't.
And all of a sudden
the guy jumps.
And so the,
the guys at the blonde says,
I guess you owe you $20.
And he said,
no,
I really can't take the money cause I saw it on the five o'clock news and the
blonde says,
so did I.
But I thought he might change his mind.
I think that
that's hilarious.
Oh my God.
That's so funny.
You imagine,
man,
that's funny.
How do you draw on it?
Uh,
you know,
have her stand in the shower for a long time.
Okay.
No,
I dunno.
I'm just guessing.
I don't know.
Okay.
Uh,
you put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of the pool.
That's funny.
What did the blonde say when she saw the sign in front of the Ymcas?
Okay.
I don't know.
Look,
they spelled Macy's wrong.
Yeah,
I got one more blind jokes.
yeah,
please keep it coming.
She was going to go from New York to Europe.
Got London.
Yeah,
so she's just climbed on board and she sat in first class without a first class
ticket
and the story says,
I'm sorry miss,
but you're not allowed.
You have to go back and coach.
She says,
I'm blonde,
I'm beautiful and I'm going to London in First Class.
The stewardess never had anybody talk to her like that.
So she went to get to the copilot.
Copilot came out and said,
miss,
he got to go to the back of the couch with everybody else.
You don't have first class ticket.
She goes,
I'm blonde,
I'm beautiful and very busty as you can see,
I'm going to London in First Class.
Well we call it pilot.
He didn't know what to do.
So he goes up and tells the captain,
the captain does,
don't worry.
I speak blonde.
Captain goes back,
whisper some interior.
She pops up and runs back into coach and the other said,
what did you say to her?
I told her that only coach is going to London.
I think that's hilarious.
Dumb broad.
Can you imagine?
Stoop,
thank their plate,
you know,
to divide this up here.
I mean had dumb GED yet.
Really funny.
Actually.
I love that joke.
I just sometimes I just tell jokes to myself to make myself laugh.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Seriously.
Oh yeah.
Yeah
man.
That's a lot of,
I can see abroad doing that though,
you know.
All right.
Good.
Yeah.
The other county jokes I like,
I like,
um,
like Polish jokes.
Yeah.
Who Does?
Yeah,
sure.
Right.
These two Paul locks are driving down from Cincinnati,
them to Miami and her and I said,
fine.
So 75,
they saw a sign,
it says clean restrooms head.
Yeah.
So the time we got to Miami,
they claimed 150.
You know what the word,
you know what the world's shortest book.
Yes.
Right.
Polish war heroes.
Yup.
Why do,
why do blondes wear panties?
Hmm?
I have no idea.
The cubes,
their ankles warm.
Wow.
Yeah.
I love this.
I love my jokes.
Hey,
where do you look for,
for blondes?
Obituaries.
Uh,
in the sports page?
No,
under home improvements.
That's really funny.
Oof.
Pretty good man.
Yeah.
You know,
you don't know.
You don't do any one liners like this for,
this is good stuff here buddy.
I love you.
You know,
I'm kind of trying to think of some other blonde jokes.
You caught me off guard here,
but I remember one time I just,
I googled blonde jokes.
It work.
I must do 20th 30th.
So you think I should do these,
you guys to start doing these onstage?
No,
I actually,
I think you're much better at doing what you do.
Really?
Oh yeah.
Because you tell a story,
you captivate.
Okay.
You know the trouble with a blog with a short joke is jokes over excellent.
Yeah.
You know,
when you do the stories like you do it,
the sense of anticipation,
you know,
it's like jumping out of an airplane with no parachute.
Let me tell you some of some other ones I've been thinking up.
Um,
okay.
How do you sync a Polis battleship?
Uh,
you could just say how,
you don't have to actually try to answer that.
It's just a joke.
I have no idea.
Yeah,
you put it in water.
You know what,
how are
you know what,
you know what they used to pull it and he's two.
Paul [inaudible] decided to marry their father at sea and they both drowned.
He hit his grave.
That's good.
Why did the,
why did the poll out cross the road?
Cause he wanted to get to the other side.
No,
he couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
Wow.
I'm glad you really enjoyed it.
And now I know how to cheer you up if you're ever in a bad mood.
Jesus.
All I have to do,
I'm never really in a bad mood.
That's true.
That is true.
I just,
you know,
all I have to do to entertain myself actually
is thinking about all your childhood experiences with me.
Dad,
let me,
Bri,
I got you one more here.
How do you know if you're in front of a Polish firing squad?
I think that's true.
Uh,
the guns are faced at the,
uh,
the Dad Guy,
Dad,
dad.
Do you not understand how these folks work?
You're not supposed to actually try to answer them.
It's,
that's,
it's just set up punching him.
Okay.
I give up.
Well there's
no,
you're standing in front of a bullet fires,
but they are standing in a circle.
Yeah,
I heard that one before.
that's a funny one actually.
Yeah.
That's a funny,
yeah.
That is funny.
Yeah.
Ooh.
How do you get a poll lock out of a bathtub?
I don't know.
Throw in a bar of soap.
Okay.
What'd you pull ox use cheerio's for that.
What do pull axes cheerios for?
I don't know.
Doughnut seeds.
Oh my God.
I love it.
Trying to think of,
think of,
Oh,
I got a good one for you.
It's an Olympic thing,
right?
What do poll ox do with all their gold medals?
They don't have any.
No.
Again,
like again,
it's just set up a Joe.
Hi.
No,
no.
Okay.
They go home and get them bronze.
That's funny.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
This is one of the best conversations in my life.
Ah.
I love just laughing,
Tommy.
I know dad
enjoyed it.
Um,
all right.
I'll give you a call here in a little bit.
Okay.
I got to run for Nokia,
buddy,
buddy.
Let me get my,
okay.
Wow.
That was possibly one of the funniest calls I've ever had with him.
That was unbelievable.
Definitely didn't want to get into killing people.
No,
that was,
I felt bad for me to like,
oh,
should we not have asked that?
But he brought,
but he's talked about it before.
That's why we talked about it on our show.
No.
Why Charo was there.
No,
no.
Charo was there and maybe that's why he didn't want to.
Oh.
Oh,
I see what you mean.
Mean we've,
we get,
um,
without her in the room.
Yeah.
I could of,
I felt bad.
I felt bad too.
Yeah.
But I do like the blonde jokes.
He was really,
really,
really amused by them.
And I love the Polack jokes.
I think Poland jokes to the best.
I don't think I've ever heard him laugh like that in my life.
No.
It's funny cause he knew like the long blonde jokes.
Yeah.
He was like,
what do they sit down at the bar usually stammers through them,
by the way.
Yeah.
So he was focused energy.
Yeah,
he was.
And I know that he got that punchline a little raw.
Yes,
but he got it kind of,
would you like how he tries to answer?
I'm like,
dude,
just justice.
Just knock knock.
Who's there?
That's it.
You don't try to answer those.
The bear,
the barrels of the guns are playing back.
What are you talking about?
Jesus that punch on it.
Have you ever laughed that hard at anything?
No.
Now the other thing is,
uh,
with your pops,
enjoy these,
some of the blonde stuff.
Yeah.
He likes it,
but he likes a more racist stuff.
Yeah.
He likes the old school truly tasteless.
Like if you were to open up one of those black jokes,
Jew jokes loves the blonde jokes.
Loves Pole.
My Dad loves those Polack jokes.
I had heard all of them cause my father,
but in Hungary they would tell them about the Russians.
Oh,
snap poll ox.
It's the Russians,
how stupid Russians are.
So I grew up hearing dumb Russian jokes,
which is what
origin of why a Polish joke is it,
you know what I mean?
Is it,
why is that a stupid?
Personally,
I think it does come from their military being bad.
I remember I asked my dad this question when I was a kid.
I think it's because they're military was so bad that that's what it's,
it started like,
they like an emasculating thing,
right?
Yeah.
Like you notice that one of the jokes was about the Polish military.
A few of them were.
Yeah.
It's because they're,
they're notoriously bad at knowledge.
I,
that's what I heard.
Not sure.
Why are they getting poked and prodded by everybody?
You know?
It's just,
you know,
everyone gets chosen for something.
Yeah.
And that was that.
That's their thing being dumb.
Yeah.
I remember the first time hearing those and I was like,
hm,
I don't know.
Yeah.
People are going after.
Does that make sense?
Well,
at least they got some Hungarians don't even have anything.
Yeah.
We don't even have a stereotype that's a shitty,
or like a tree is,
by the way,
did we read this email of the guy who agreed with me?
I don't think we did.
No.
Oh,
okay.
I just wanted to point it out that this guy,
the one,
the one person who took the time to write it,
go ahead.
Uh,
he said,
I love,
uh,
all the amazing videos do you turned me on to,
I must agree with Tom in regards to the man getting crushed by a car.
There was something wrong with you.
If that doesn't make you laugh.
It's those who can't see the humor in those things that are the real serial
killers.
Not sure if you have seen,
uh,
interesting theory there.
Must see will.
Thanks.
We'll interesting theory will know.
Anyways,
I just wanted to point that out.
Okay.
Um,
oof man.
That uh,
that was unbelievable.
That was really crazy.
Yeah.
We should just read him jokes all the time.
Fuck man.
My Dad,
my dad likes the harder job though.
He likes,
he loves to the shit that we love that really,
like my dad likes your specials and thinks you're super funny.
Like he gets it.
Really?
Yeah.
But he'll,
you know how he tells me,
he goes,
I like don't these,
I like his stupid face.
The face.
Yeah.
I felt that means he thinks you're really funny.
I thought that was like kind of mean,
you know?
Oh No,
not me.
You know what I mean?
I was like,
oh,
all right.
My Dad will never be like,
oh,
I love that thing.
Like how your parents like I love,
I love,
I love it.
No,
it's not stupid.
That's like the highest.
Why his stupid face?
I compliment a stupid face.
I like his stupid face.
Like you make a stupid face is funny to him.
He's telling you what he likes.
He likes your silly,
the expressions you mean?
Yeah.
How about this?
I like,
I like this.
This is from where this for Jessica.
This looks like.
What does this,
yeah,
it's Iceland.
The person with the real one open your whole landslide and slowly people kind of
say,
I'm a Korean cream,
but who knew?
Anal says
even if I'm straight,
but how can you
browsing?
It's a lot of people in the group,
man.
This is a mood Tang level.
Shit.
Yes.
It's like nine dudes with mics right here.
This is the Icelandic damn
cute and they're all into their assholes.
Yes.
Yeah.
Feminists into they're buttholes
[inaudible]
how lucky are we by the way that people even that are from another country are
so kind that they record music and English.
English is the,
is the language of the world dominant language.
It's really nice to be on that side of it.
I know this is the unit can't learn Icelandic.
Could you even imagine?
I'm looking at the Gobbledygook like what the fuck doess s e a t.
T.
[inaudible]
[inaudible].
This chick's party man.
[inaudible] is to me,
just makes it feel dirty.
And if you use this,
they need to work on this mic.
Feedback though.
Pfk
Oh,
sex is a cure for masculinity complexes
that a guy who was ready for my strap,
a feminine phobia.
I just want your face back there.
You know,
just you go to town.
Why are you insisting on,
we're watching a song about your butthole is so dirty.
What if I wash it in front of you?
I'm afraid of buttholes.
Look,
I'm,
I have a phobia I do of buttholes.
I don't want to touch it.
Lick it.
I got an a,
I got an idea for aid.
I got an idea.
I'll spread it out.
Spread it over with duct tape.
You know I'm scared.
I'm scared.
This is nice as well.
They're kind of catchy though.
I like those breaths.
All right.
This broads
Stevie.
Yeah.
They call me over tarred.
Duck tight.
Got It.
Guys might your favorite.
Yeah.
All right.
Good stuff.
Anything else?
Jeans.
I love you but I won't touch your buddle come on.
Oh my God.
I like,
she's like,
I got hired at Yale.
Not Anymore.
300 pound large woman who bends over forward.
Right.
And showing are big and then she slaps it.
I should go.
I got hired at Yale.
Suck my Dick Bitch.
Hilarious.
Yeah.
Pretty Great.
You want to keep that job by not doing that and want to do it.
All right.
Um,
that's it.
Jeans.
Put your finger at.
Would you put your finger,
your own finger in your ass?
I put that a nice compromise.
No.
How about I support and watch you as you put your own finger?
No cause I just want you to go [inaudible]
can we wait until the results of your colonoscopy?
Yeah,
sure.
Absolutely.
Cause you shit constantly.
I feel like every other minute and you're like,
I got to shit.
I think there would be,
you know,
I would,
I'd be real careful that day.
I would take a lot of showers.
I don't trust you.
It's not nice shits names.
Nasty.
All right,
here's our closing song.
It's by DJ J.
Hey.
And the song is my pronoun good is what's Your Pronoun?
Hey,
what's your pronoun?
I can't read it.
This is like,
just be like,
Hey,
what's your pronoun
is bad way.
Hi Guys.
Hi Mom.
Bad boy.
Sort of can go bad
signature boy.
Boy,
boy.
How are you?
What's your name?
What's your pronoun
bad boy.
Boys don't wear
putting the icing on the bed.
Hey,
cake,
cake.